what is up YouTube right now is about
949 in hawaii and i'm bringing back with
a tank update on my 5 gallon bro oh well
beliving ram and we like a clear round
tank as right now I'm trying to get a
bear attack for these guys pretty soon
but right now something good home so the
camera just and I planted some glasses
stigma think that's what's called a
glass of stigma the reason why I'm
replanting this tech is because I
recently went to Vietnam and I came home
to a plant built field truck filled with
algae and all that stuff so I couldn't
take it and I had to retake this whole
entire aquarium part because you should
have seen the algae growing plants it
was just horrendous and I'm basically
liking the world aquarium I like how
that aquifer in this place I'm going to
move the aquifer and soon the only
reason why I have is the buyer right
here is because I don't know if you can
see it yes my electric blue Rams bond
there is the mother this stir-fry and
the father after a whole day of looking
at those fries just chillin under this
wood piece and there is there is the
Chinese objects cleaner eater just
chillin so the reason why I put another
fish here even though they're in danger
being eaten is so that the parents so
parents will learn some parenting skills
I guess you could say because if there's
fish around there will be more than what
you thought
the parenting skills would be much
better because they have more to look
out for the first feel spawns we're
pretty horrible but then because the
parents ate them but now after five or
six bonds they're starting to get the
hang of it like this is actually the
second the first seven days they've been
the live but parenting it and I really
like the progress that's been going on
here so yeah that's my tank update I
might have to be plant soon but yeah um
I'm kind of scared of the fry going into
the Bolivian Rams territory but I don't
put this thing in
that's not to know all right that's my
video guys um thanks for watching and
look at that placement I'm thinking
about leveling this up a bit so it looks
like a little hill and then tank is not
fully going out your family use the
triangle rule so here to here so it'll
be a little clearer patch there and then
here so basically here here here and
make the whole little triangle so I
don't know what to put here to make it
look appealing but I think I can work
something out and then for here I'm
thing about getting that spun bill to
replace to add more space but but I
don't know right now cuz i read that
sponge filter is doing really well in
this tank i really like it and a few
guys are one roof or like lighting it's
a have a halogen lamp here it's 27 wats
so five watts a gallon and i think
that's more than enough to support glass
of stigmas and stay required moderate to
high lighting i would say if you're
raising loss of stigma about 3 watts or
four wats a gallon this is 5 watts so
it's more than enough the Bolivian round
really likes to make a mess of things
actually i'm trying to relocate it
somewhere else so that it doesn't mess
things up because I guess
it's a
basic it's been really spooked out
lately and I don't know but isn't that
nice isn't he sexy he was just resting
and chilling but i just turned all the
lights so he's kind of tired and so are
the parents but i'll just want to go
back to sleep night guys and over here
I've more he left your blue gold ramp I
yeah that's what they are there they're
like the doctor go grandpa's you can
tell from their orange outline which you
can see clearly here mm-hmm that's
pretty sexy guys really sexy and what I
use to feed them is it here the here in
all my little surprise nope but I feed
them smashed up hikari pellets and then
mixed with this algae wafers you know
since they're omnivores I like to keep
the diet balanced and all that stuff and
then what I'm feeding the fly right now
they're living off the one celled
organisms living this tank I think
that's how even in committee and then
I've been also been supplementing than
with dakari first bites but I'm hoping
to get my forearms and baby brine shrimp
soon but i'm having a hard time finding
some people who who are willing to sell
me micra warm cultures and cultures here
at light so if you know anybody that
does please comment down below that
would really help or send me a message
or email yeah so that's the tank guys
nice is it
it well it's a work in progress I still
have a lot a lot to do mmm a lot of
future plans like for example I might
add some rock work there the
possibilities are endless with this tank
guys and I'd really really appreciate if
you guys could help me with some of the
plans to put it and if you're wondering
where i got the aquifer because i really
don't see people posting videos of it on
youtube i got a petco I know Peck hole
isn't the best place to get fish or
plans but i guess the aquifer was
appealing to me and this PEC hole just
opened up so all of its topless fresh so
I just snapped out the chance and took
it but normally I would not go to peck
hold for fish and then i guess i'll post
a future video about why wouldn't go to
petco for fish but i guess that's all
for now guys thanks for watching and see
ya